Implemented `filter_keys` function (#823)
metatensor/metatensor: python/metatensor_operations/CHANGELOG.md

### Removed
-->

### Added

> - Added a new `filter_blocks` function in `metatensor-operations`

Reviewer: This is already the changelog for metatensor-operations

```suggestion
- Added a new `filter_blocks` function to remove some blocks from a TensorMap according to a selection
```
